I think the recording has started.
Yes. Just yeah, yeah OK.
Bye bye. So now I'm just going
to start showing my screen.
And you should be able to see our
envisioning document. Yep, Yep.
OK, so as you know we're teams 17 and
I'll just start with the stakeholder
analysis and how we arrive at the place.
We are where our stakeholders and then
I'll talk a bit about the personas and
how we created and introduced them.
So as you can see in that table,
we divide the.
Divided the stakeholders
into organizational units.
Being the client company,
the marketing agency,
and then other people. And.
Sorry to interrupt you guys the rest of
you are not speaking too much yourself,
'cause it's quite annoying. Thank you, yeah.
Then of course there are different types of,
uh. Of stake holders and being
the primary secondary, ternary,
and facilitating, and we have only
one facilitating stakeholder here
being the System Administrator most
likely hired by the marketing agency.
But being external worker,
not necessarily. Someone on place.
Quite possibly being more than just one
person, but it depends on the ticket
or the issue they are assigned with.
And also we consider ourselves as the
developers to be facilitating stakeholders,
but we did not include ourselves
in that table.
So the source for that table,
the search for different people
working in marketing agency and then
in the client company was Circle
Press article Sugar prices article.
And we create that different stakeholders we.
Maybe we named different stakeholders.
Within the.
Within the marketing agency being
the strategist, the account manager,
marketing Director, analyst,
and then the not necessarily
on-site administrator depends
on the size of the company.
And then of course,
the client company has a director,
which is not necessarily secondary, but then.
If the client company is going to be very,
very small, they can be primary as well.
And. Well, I'm just going to quickly.
Mute myself and let Karthick talk about the.
It's like Elder diagram 'cause.
I think he's better suited person for that.
Yep, thank you comrade.
Just before I discuss the diagram I just
wanted to say for anyone has any questions,
just feel free to I'll be in ask why.
So for the diagram,
we what I did is I basically translated
the table from above into a kind of
mind map style and tried creating
connections between the people
that would be working together.
I also identified the primary,
secondary,
tertiary and facilitating by using
different colors so it was clear to
anyone looking at the diagram what they
were doing and what position they were in.
There's not too much more to
discuss about the diagram.
I guess the blue lines just
show that they're going to be
directly working together.
And yeah. That's me, Don.
I think back to Conrad.
Thank you, I think I'm gonna
swiftly talk about the person
as we introduced for that.
So each of the stakeholders is
reflected by a different persona.
Specially the people working
in marketing agency that the
people that we assigned to the
marketing agency relatively young.
Just because we as I can.
Video showing the yeah.
What is something incorrect?
No, sorry it was,
just there was a bit of luck.
Yeah, oh sorry it's not.
My Internet connection
might not be great today.
I'm very sorry for that.
Each of the personas is also assigned.
Different personalities, right?
Like here we have medical Jennifer.
And the digital strategist. Anne.
The the different people have different
hobbies, different interests,
different maybe disabilities.
As I'll show further.
And also you can see all
those pictures and this.
Pictures are not of real people.
They were generated by a fork of
this person does not exist AI.
He waits, I run on my own computer
just to make sure that we don't end
up with some sort of over fitment and
we don't use a picture of a person
that actually exists or resembles
someone very very very closely.
A. So the other person is anxious,
David and he's the guy that
sometimes feels overwhelmed,
overwhelmed by too much data, and,
well, he could quite benefit from from
the dashboards we're going to make.
Then there's technical Danny the
guy with a disability I mentioned,
so he has his color blind and
we're planning on combating that.
For example,
with the graphs like interested
otherwise than just the color to
differentiate different data datasets.
At.
Dan.
Hey. There's the client
lesson I probably messed up.
The pronunciation that sorry.
And he's the guy who that's
fascinated by technical people.
So we thought that he might
be also a good audience then.
Then there are also people that
are responsible for the website,
the website owner and the website user.
Hey. And. Anne.
Well, the website owner is going to
be the person that agrees for ads to
be located on their on their website.
And their website can be impacted by
our by the marketing agency campaigns.
And then there is the website
user who quite possibly will
enjoy getting targeted AdWords.
I'm. Gonna switch off and let
my other teammates take over.
Yeah, so for the the user stories.
We primarily just went through the the
requirements in the spec and translated
those into actionable user stories
that we could actually implement.
And we also generated a few of our
own as extensions and just as a.
More specific.
Variant of the requirements
that we've been given an and we
categorize these into functional
and non functional requirements.
So. Primarily we have a lot on
the marketing analyst because the
the people that are going to be
primarily interacting with system.
But we also have a few for the
system administrators that they're
going to be loading data into the
system and account Manager kind.
If you want to Scroll down.
Page so um.
We also have various.
Anne Systems for generating graphs
and all sorts of things that we would
need to implement to make this work.
Uh, we'll say that this extension,
so I've got for this administrator.
We decided that it might be
beneficial for system administrators
to directly connect system to
Google Analytics so they don't need
to manually import with metrics.
And of course we've got some non
functional requirements as well.
So we want to be able to analyze data with
fast software and software that stays fast.
Statistic grows so they can keep using
the system as more data is collected.
So yeah, now I'll hand over to.
She ran to talk about the increment plan.
Hi yeah, so we planned on doing a product
backlog by using the most call method.
We prioritize all the requirements
that were listed above into must have.
Could have should have.
We didn't have any won't have yet but
we as with the project goes along,
we plan on getting some.
I'm guessing the increment
planning was done by prioritizing.
All the basic requirements of the project.
First we planned on doing the.
So faced most basic parts of the
program in the first increment,
while we focus more on the skeleton
interface, the guiu how it's going
to look as a basic appearance,
how key metrics will be analyzed
and displayed using maybe graphs.
Maybe.
As you can see in the user to revive the
histogram for the second comment as we have.
A longer duration to work on the project
because it's one month and one or two weeks.
I think we plan on getting all
the must have done so all the
basic requirements of the project
will be done by increment two.
We also included some should
have and some could have.
Because if we are already
done with the basic primers,
we can still working on the extension
to make the software become more
appealing to the eye and more responsive.
And generally better.
To work on the extension we also
added all the others in equipment
free so that we can generally
make the product better.
As we go along with our
meetings with the the client,
we plan on observing and asking them if
they would want more requirements and if
we can possibly implement those as well.
Ange if you we can move into
spring plan please.
OK, so the screen the next
grammens ourselves with divided
for all the user stories above.
We analyzed what should be done
as a major task, but it is not.
Specifica on older instructions
given we ask for you story one.
We plan on passing.
Yeah, well, we plan on posting
the CSV file and then working
our way from there soon.
We're gonna start developing the
UI for the app and we plan on using
wireframes to decide on whether the
product on how the product should look.
Then implementing that in coding
aspects or using Java FX to go on we.
The interface of the project.
Is now we can move on to the
next part please.
The burned out, so I'm going
to pause to Conrad to do that.
Thank you very much for listening to me.
Thanks so the burndown chart is not going
to take very long 'cause it's very simple.
As it's just the invert envisionment
and visioning phase of the project,
but is it my microphone that's introduced
all the noise and very sorry for that?
If if that's me.
We just placed all the tasks at day zero and.
Actually proved to be a really hard
task to do an. In light in light,
like for some reason, just because
it kept complaining about the notes.
But in terms of the chart itself,
it's again just very basic,
but it does provide a good
template for next documents.
Uh, now for the risk assessment.
Uh, I'm gonna pass over to James I think.
Hi this is me. Yeah yes thank you.
I'm sorry. It's alright.
Yes, now for the risk assessment.
We try to focus on things
more Bible twice is.
Students and things that are more
real impossible for our scenario
as you will be able to see most
risk have to deal with the scale.
The project as it's a rather big given
our time frame and its complexity.
And also in addition it has to do with.
Obviously, with the pandemic that's going on.
But affecting our ability to work.
For example, the scalable product,
given the first risk.
Well, most of our tasks,
although they are well split
an manageable chunks.
It is possible.
It is very possible that it
will not be able to complete.
Task even the time we have assigned
ourselves or some tasks upset for a Sprint.
Um? Take much more time.
In which case we may be able to assign an
additional person for tests so two or maybe
even three people can work on a single thing.
Or even in the worst case scenarios,
we might be,
we might have to completely skip one of the.
Task look up put us.
Good additions,
but not considered absolutely necessary.
We have also considered some
technical issues that might arise.
For example,
good luck failing or hour.
Working environments not being
compatible with each other.
In which case we will
create backups for work.
So we can.
Straight back up so we can inform
each other of our progress.
And maybe I'll put them on
a separate GitHub instance.
An As for our working environment,
we have agreed on using
the Gradle build system.
So we can work on the same instance
and traded K and Jerry will be using
J unit for additional testing.
It is also possible that.
Throughout the meetings. Um?
The screen is kind of blur, yes. OK thanks.
It is possible that through other
meetings many requirements might change.
For example, something I would
consider to be just a nice
addition but becoming necessity.
Which case will have to? Reschedule.
Our priorities and recreate a
Sprint plan from the bottom up.
I think that about covers most of the risks.
I think that about does it OK.
Thank you very much.
Next, please original mythologist my
group mates can take it over from here.
Whose part was it?
I'm like this is my part, um so.
Yeah, for setting up the project
and an organizing everything,
we've set up a GitLab repository
and without issue boards on their
Kanban boards and that's how
we've put all of our user stories,
all of our tasks,
and that means that we can
easily keep track of them.
We can assign them to people.
We can set deadlines and so I also put
together a script that would also.
Export these from the GitLab
repository and we've just used
that to populate our report here.
So for communication we use Discord
allows us to easily keep on top
of what other people are doing,
and, um.
As Sean mentioned,
as Chris mentioned before we were
using Gradle and J unit to make sure
that we can build our application
consistently and we can test it.
And ensure that we have the
same in development environment
with all of our dependencies and
we also have a notion.
Workspace where we can put a
lot of plans and designs to
document the development process.
So for it in our agile development process
we have assigned the Scrum leader to be me.
And, uh, we've assigned a car.
That is, as the project manager as
he's very punctual and responsible and
effective at managing the project.
So I push you to Conrad.
OK, thank you.
I'm just gonna quickly summarize the
whole document so as you can see,
we just have two references,
one of them being the AI and the other
being the article we mentioned. Anne.
As a product manager for the team,
I can just say.
Start, so far we've come up
with a couple of questions.
But before we go about asking them,
I'd like to let you the supervisors,
if you could please give us some feedback
about documentation about our progress.
We made how you see it, how.
What could we possibly maybe change?
What could we?
What could we do differently
and what could be improved?
But it's good already.
I would be very thankful for that.
And most I'm just gonna
stop sharing my screen now.
OK, uh, it's a good report.
I gonna start worse is that fine?
Yeah, OK, thank you.
Um, I see there are lots of, um.
Lots of US stakeholders analysis
and give a detailed description in
the personals and the user stories
follow the pattern of as a as A
and I want to so that is very nice
and include all of the requirements
specified in a in the specifications.
The increment plan cover covered
all the user stories,
which is nice and designed to finish off.
The must have in the first 2
increments and leave the shoot
and cold for the last one.
That's Lee gives you more time and flexible
for you to make some changes in the end.
And I see your risk assessment
just covers most cases of the.
What could happen for the team
progress team communication and
also the communication with clients
that were nicely done?
And I see all the tools
cover the most part of your.
Preparations for the project that
are nice and if you don't mind,
I want to give some suggestion
for you to make an.
Let's first have a look at.
The stakeholder is quite nice.
You gave the column of organization
your night just so therefore good
for me and I see so many primary
stakeholders here an it's OK,
but I didn't see a reasonable
description in the last column like
explain how this one can be primary.
Hold up a primary stakeholder to
communicate with the dashboard.
If you can't give a reasonable,
reasonable description or
explanation in the last column,
it will make more sense to me.
And I do notice a.
Your explained to me are the development
team is also the stakeholder,
but you didn't involve in the table.
I didn't understand why you didn't do that,
but I I guess the development team
could be the primary stakeholder.
And you can interrupt me and ask
questions if you have different opinions,
please do that. If you don't ask,
I move to my next suggestion. OK.
Yeah, can you repeat what
you said about the UI thing?
It is the last suggestion.
Um, so you I I didn't.
We about what about the stakeholder?
Yeah. I mean there are lots of
lost primaries that hold us,
but in your description in
the last column of the table.
It didn't give me enough reason
to see how this a stakeholder can
be primary to get to get output
or give input to the dashboard.
OK yeah yeah.
Yeah, I mean you can assign those.
Rose as the primary,
but maybe give a reasonable
explanation here.
Yeah, so basically I agree.
Go on if you want to make a comment.
No, not this one.
I agree to me at the fact that you
are missing a column that could
be named like impact of importance
of contribution to the project
by that one specific stakeholder.
For example, for primary we could
use a bit more description like why
are the primary other than just the
role and description of that person.
And my second question about the table
is why you didn't involve the development
team at one of the stakeholders.
As you already notice, the development
team could be a stakeholder.
Maybe give it to sort and
then include that one.
Alright, and if no question here,
I'm more to the personas. I guess some
of the personas are assigned to the.
To the not accurate name
of the stake holders.
For example, anxious David
it's brand brand strategies.
I guess it should be brand.
Brand analysis because there is no
stakeholder named brand Strategies.
In in your stakeholder table.
It's a tiny, tiny tiny. Yeah,
I think it's supposed to be brand analyst.
We just changed the name of the
stakeholder and didn't update it there, OK?
Yeah, it's fine.
Very close like meaning wise.
It's still almost like relatively similar.
Yeah, I guess so.
Like you may change the IT changing
forward or back and then leave it there,
but it is fine.
And you include the personas from the
website site and the user side of the
web user of the website is lovely and.
I moved to the user story.
The user story is nicely done and I would
like to point out on you for the non
functional requirements you use the phrase.
Fast and responsive responsive softwares,
which is not really have any meanings
to me like how because but unresponsive
means different things to people.
Like I can wait for one minute,
it means acceptable to
me and this means quick,
but maybe one minute for other peoples
doesn't mean that they expect the software
to respond in less than 10 seconds.
I suggest you to have a.
Have a have a play with the data
set to see how the data says.
How big does it as is and how many
efforts you need to put to load the data.
Get some calculation results and then
you have a concept about how many
times is going to need to for you or
for the program or for the software
to get conclusion from the data set.
Does that make sense?
Yes, thank you, but I also want to
add to that the fact that of course
the performance of the software highly
depends on the device it's being
run on and what we probably meant
by that is we want the software to
be efficient so that it performs.
I'd say, quote unquote, good on.
Any hardware and of course it's going
to differ from device to device.
Well, from person to person.
But then there is a limit to which
you know different people have
different requirements and then there
is a limit to which we can make.
A program faster.
And then there is that other part
where the user adjusts around
device to the request.
As well, so again we probably.
Need to make it efficient enough
to work good, quote, unquote.
Yeah, I agree, yeah.
But I'm saying this user story is like
if you are showing this case to your clients.
For if I'm a client I see you promise
me you will make the software fast
and irresponsible or efficient.
I have imagination and you have planned.
But this description can not make
sure my imagination and your
plan match each other.
And that's what I'm trying to say.
And if you can be more specific based
on the details or based on your work.
For this user story,
it can be reasonable to clients.
So would you recommend that
we added numbers to to?
He is Joy Server example
of minutes or five minutes.
I would accept that about like
give a reasonable number like.
You know how big the disks are gonna
be and then you have a feeling or you
have some cast proof you can deal
with this kind of datasets within
the certain minutes you claimed.
OK, thank you, make this. Yep, OK.
It's not a bad thing to have this
consideration. I think it's good.
It shows your concern about
the feelings of the clients,
but you need to reduce the confusions
when you communicate with class.
And. I moved to the product backlog
and also the increment plan.
I notice you gave the user story numbers
here, which is which you didn't do in the.
In the project backlog or the user
stories and is fine an I notice you.
Use color to mark them as children must.
You could do that where nice,
but I did miss.
Where where is the size of the user story?
Where is the size of?
So of a I mean like small, medium, large.
This kind of saying to measure the
workload of the task of the user story.
It was my understanding that that
was only for. God. Anime girl
It was my understanding
that that was so we don't.
We estimate the duration of
tasks not used to stories,
but I mean if we do need to do
that 3 user stories as well,
we could do that.
Yeah, I notice you did that for
those screaming spring plan
for the next increment. Mia
I I I used to accept this kind of a
estimations like one day or half day,
but I was unnoticed like you are
supposed to use like small medium,
large discount, extra large.
This kind of standards to
measure the task to you.
Right OK OK.
And I I I notice some of the.
So, but some of the tasks.
Related to stories is not quite right.
For example, your task eight,
you mean process CSV file
which you linked to story 5,
but it should be the story 1, right?
I mean the start yeah. Yeah, yeah,
I think that was a mistake we made.
Yeah, you said time time issue is
fine and my last question about this
for incline is have you already like
split the task to certain people
because it would even mention who
gonna take charge of what tasks here.
Yes, we have a science like as I
think James Mens mentioned we did
assigned the we did assign the
task on GitHub to different people.
So that happened.
I think that happened either on the
day that the submission was there,
uh, shortly before that,
and we did not update the document with
those with those informations yet.
But for example, I will be responsible
for parsing the CSV file and.
For the window, I think that's a Mars task,
and that's that's about the only ones I can
remember without having to look them up.
Yeah, me and kotyk.
I'm working on the UI as well. OK.
Yep. Dude, that's also pretty defined.
Stealing, do that in the document.
OK great,
I can see you guys are doing good
but you didn't involve part of
your job in the report.
It has to show in the report how
Nice you are doing the doing your work.
Ah, OK, and I want to point
out one last question.
Of the burndown chart.
All the tasks in the burndown chart
is they are like same size, but.
A couple of weeks ago and that
made a massive difference,
'cause I hadn't reached out
to like any Samar.
Little more personal hello.
Sorry, I think you are muted
by accident. Oh sorry.
Is someone supposed to say income C?
Oh no, my question for the bundle
child is this tasks ask for
different duration of the work,
but their size in the charts are thing.
Yeah, I think I think we just we either
didn't recognize that we had to make
them different sizes or are we forgot?
I'm not sure which of the two errors,
but we will change it.
Thank you, OK? And.
Very last question for the tools aids.
You didn't mention any tools
you're going to use for the
UI design or or did I miss it?
We just added that we
said we're going to use.
Adam 8.
I don't think we said anything about.
Javafx that's part of the spec,
but, um, I don't think we've.
I don't think we've decided
what we wanted to use yet.
When we made that summary.
But yeah, we could add that.
OK, but you have decided about
that already, right? Yeah, I.
Also, the use of Java FX
is enforced by the spec.
We have to use Java FX so.
And yeah. Yes, we have to do.
OK, um I'm fine with it.
Just to give it an update of the
tools in the nest next durable maybe?
Yeah, this is all of my question.
I think other parts. A very good.
OK, thank you.
Bianca, do you have any questions or my
internets been cutting in and out so I might?
I might miss him. Yeah, sure,
so thank you Mia for those feedback.
Yeah, I agree with everything that she said.
The fact that you missed the contribution
of the stakeholders that you did not include
the development team as a facilitating.
Stakeholder, um,
I'm just looking down at my notes.
One of my suggestions for you would be to
use we instead of I when you try to explain
something that you did in the report.
As you kind of used by a lot of times,
you are working as a team.
You're working as a whole,
so that's how you should picture yourself.
Even though some of you contributed
to some parts of the report
and others and other parts,
there's just a slight comment.
I really like that you included
a disability persona.
Um?
That was super nice that you
are aiming to include these
features in your application.
Um?
I like how you prioritize the user stories
that you have all your muscles in your
first increment and then a little bit of.
Remaining in the next increment. No.
One question would be like do you have?
Did you think of any?
Could have extra functionalities
that are not required by the spec
besides of those that you could have.
If you have time?
If I put in my question, yes, I believe so.
Just asking my team, are they in these
stakeholder analysis Personas notion page?
Also his notion marker. Sorry.
I'm just asking my team,
but it looks like notion is back up.
Yes, it's going on and off though.
**** yeah.
If anyone can find them in Git
lab that would be really great.
'cause I don't have to
get lab open right now.
We and not the why do you have them in GitLab
and not the not in the document itself?
Oh yeah,
we might have them in the document I think.
Do we? I believe so.
We just have the Google Analytics
user stories to describe the GitHub.
So yeah, OK,
so one of the requirements that wasn't
in the spec was to do Google well.
We thought fit to integrate with Google
Analytics so that we can get live data.
And the other one was
potentially creating like a.
A builder where they could break it,
they could come up with their own
queries and then query the data manually.
The user came up with the scripting
so ideas so we you could build your
own script that runs on data directly
and so you can do more powerful
inspections and transformation of data.
Who would be?
What you said before this?
To query the data,
the clients the agency itself.
That would be the system admin I guess.
So if the if the company has more
advanced queries that they want to do,
that's not in what we've given them,
then they can ask a system admin
to come up with the right query
for the data and then show them the
graph that creates I guess. I sing.
That would be the preferred way,
but of course they can experiment themselves,
though we won't give any guarantee that
custom scripts won't break the app or
won't break the data set or whatever.
Yeah, I suppose you're gonna do
integration testing for that.
Trip.
Going down to user stories,
yeah, they're good.
Following with what we have said.
It was nice that you predicted
the duration of a task,
but besides that you could
have included T shirt sized.
Uh, estimates to each user story that
would start with XS an it's up to extra
large and it's up to you to assign hours.
For example, an S would mean between
two and three hours, and so on.
So you for next time next document
that you are going to produce,
I suggest you to rewrite the user story,
assign them to teacher sizes and
then place in a table all the
tasks corresponding to user story.
In this way,
it's easier to follow in that table.
You could also add predicted hours
and actual hours that they're
gonna take you to implement and
assign person to work on that.
I think you would be able to
do that in your. Oh in your.
In a I forgot how you called it,
where you're working in notion.
Well, you probably are gonna be able
to bypass the screenshot with that.
Um, the burndown chart. It's quite done.
Clear you number the tasks which is good,
but again I don't see any difference
which task is gonna take longer which like
task is going to take less than the others.
So maybe you want that to be
displayed nicely for next time.
Regarding the risk management,
they are good. I didn't see that
you accounted for things like,
oh, you're not going to be able
to work at all, for example,
like natural disaster or anything like this.
What how would you expect to manage that?
If something like this happens and
prevent you from working at all?
So I think we talked about things
that in the in the risk management
that we have no influence on like
for example covid or times of
differences or natural disasters.
Hopefully not going to work.
None of that's going to happen.
And, uh. Well, uh.
I think that was the one the last one.
First of all,
of course we will immediately contact
EU as our supervisors and possibly the
module leader and negotiate whether
we should register requirements
or if something else happens,
like again a natural disaster or something.
Maybe apply for some sort of an extension or.
Cope with that using the University provided.
University provided means as well.
That makes sense.
Yeah, I see that's a good.
Strategy mitigation strategy.
I wanted to hear that that you were
you could apply for an extension.
Which in coffee cases everybody is granted.
So you keep that in mind.
If you have struggles. Um?
Yeah, I think. The.
All my quiet my comments.
Besides that, I think you did good for
the very first time envisioning document.
You seem to be working good at the team.
I'm not sure if all of you
talked during the presentation.
Could you confirm that or not?
No, not all of us talked.
I think I was the only one,
but that's 'cause I've been like quite badly.
Oh for quite awhile so I haven't
been able to do too much.
Alright, that's no problem.
Just make sure you warm us.
Since I was sick, we didn't really want
to force him to talk about the document.
He did participate in the project,
though, especially before uh,
before he got ill.
And yeah, just this time.
We weren't really sure if he feels
OK enough to participate in the
meeting until very shortly before it.
So so kind of we ended up splitting,
but that's between.
Between five people, not 6.
Yeah, that's totally understandable,
and that's very kind of you,
so you have no sort of conflicts in
the team and even contributions.
How are you feeling in the team?
The contributions are pretty good.
Yeah well doing very well.
Happy to hear that no one
seems to complain really.
Anyway, since, uh, since I guess
we are finished with the feedback,
could we ask you a couple questions
since I think it's back for all of us
so we can see the questions I guess.
It's motion back 'cause I lost
connected connection with it again.
Yes, we have 3 four questions I think.
Let's just start with the
first one as an end user.
So the person who is going to
end up using the application.
How comfortable are they with
all of the terms and do we
need to give descriptions?
And are they like specialized
in in this area stuff field?
I'm not really sure on that.
I think it would be good to assume
that they have no previous experience,
so that nobody is great.
Discriminated in a way that they are
not aware how to do some certain tasks.
OK. OK um. So are there any
required accessability features?
For example, like having a colorblind
mode or a high contrast mode,
or changing font scale?
Or is that all optional?
Everything is optional.
It's up to you what you
want to implement or not,
but the marks are going to reflect that.
So the more you take into account,
the better you're gonna be.
No expose yeah.
OK, I think the final question
is how comfortable would they.
How comfortable would they be with
scripting or creating custom queries
to get like more analytics data?
Now, do you have any idea on that?
I didn't quite understand the question for.
You mean for the design of a?
What so that that the target audience like,
for example, the marketing agency?
If we can make some assumptions about them,
how comfortable are they with
writing custom queries and all that?
Just because if they're not,
we can possibly leave it quite
specific so that the System
Administrator does it for them.
Or we can make it more approachable
by the user so that the users
themselves can make this. Like 2.
Sorry to elaborate a little bit.
Essentially, part of the idea is that
a they can add custom functionality
directly into the application.
So for example in the form of custom
buttons that then perform a script
and that script can be written in,
for example Java programming language
or Python maybe essentially hooking
in a separate kind of programmable
script to then embed to the event
on when they click a button,
so then allowing it to
automate certain tasks.
So allowing for buttons to do a whole
bunch of different tasks at once.
So for example,
maybe collecting data,
sorting it,
and then analyzing it,
compare it in comparison to another
piece of data could be for example
use case for what this feature
could do in terms of the actual
technicality of the scripting.
I think we want to clarify whether
we should make it something
that's much more basic.
So for example something similar to scratch,
where you might have a drag and drop system
or something that's a bit more advanced,
but.
Also more in depth and
more has more usability.
So if for example,
Java has a lot more usability than
just simple kind of drag and drop
features where we strictly limit
the features that can be used in it.
I see, um, those parts are the questions.
The specification didn't clear about that,
so I think if you reach an agreement
with your supervisor and was born
up an about what you're gonna do
or what she wants the dashboard to
looks like or works in certain way,
then you can do it.
But I think it's not a must do.
You can't decided to do it or do it.
In which way you feel comfortable with?
So I think all of those things are fine too,
like as you say, you assume certain
requirements flow from the clients.
Alright, thank you.
Yes, so I said I keep it simple, nice.
The drag and drop should be
easy for everybody to use,
so nobody is expected to have any
other requisites in Java or any other
piece of functionality they shouldn't.
But this is again something that you
might catch in your last increment.
Oh yeah, it's me. I suggested design it.
Come up with two solutions, present them.
This is what we had in mind.
It's not a matter of.
Are we going to choose this or that?
Because you don't know how much
time you gonna have for that,
so just the having then this idea it's nice.
For the beginning.
I agree, usually all of you can be
quite ambitious at the beginning,
but with the time goes on you may.
Test the drop all of those kudo and focus
on to make all the muscles looks perfect.
But it's quite considerable.
You have this kind of ideas in your mind.
Does anybody else have any last comments?
Because I'm afraid I have to go. Soon.
Well, I just received a message from Karthik
that he lost connectivity altogether.
About well. Personally,
I don't have any more questions.
I'd like to ask my teammates if they do.
I'd like to mention that you are
also going to receive written
feedback pretty soon from now so.
I hope that's gonna help you as well.
Just make sure that what we
commented on on this document.
You're gonna rewrite an add to
the next document even though
the specification doesn't say it.
But it should be nice for us to see that
you improved and you followed our feedback.
Yes, we took note of that and we
will consider all that feedback,
of course. Anyways,
since I think I do have a question, comrade.
It's incremental documents.
Do we need to include the
stakeholders personals all over again?
Not everything, not the whole table again,
but just add those little
bits that you were missing.
I'm aware you have a page limit as well,
so. Try to fit in that.
If it's not possible just so,
ask me later, tell me how you're
doing and I'll try to advise.
Alright, yeah, thank you very much.
I think we've done since.
I think I'm just gonna say
on behalf of the whole team.
Thank you, Mia, thank you Blanca.
Thank you for that.
Thank you very much, bye.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, we're glad to help and
good luck with your next increment.
Thank you, thank you.
See you again bye.
Take care bye bye.
Bye.
Jesus, I went home.